Projects/Mini-Project 1/Project1ReadMe.md, before:

Mini-Project #1

The first mini-project is designed to cover HTML/CSS/JS learned in the first 4 modules. The last exercise of Module 4 is a good basic guide for the kind of thing that is required. Ideally the app will include multiple pages, some navigation, some interaction with an external data source, and include techniques such as animation, graphs, icons, fonts, templating, bootstrap, etc.

Here are some questions for the students to cover during their presentations:

What was your requirements gathering and design process? Was it useful/successful?
Give a high level overview of your application and its features
Where does its data come from (external/internal APIs)?
How is this data processed and displayed?
How can the user interact with your application?
What JS techniques have you used (eg. objects, arrays, DOM functions, loops, functions, promises)?
What external tools/libraries have you used (eg. bootstrap/axios/charts)? How? Why?
What kinds of HTML elements have you used (eg. tables, forms, divs, lists, headings, menus, videos, images)?
What kinds of CSS features have you used (eg. animations, backgrounds, fonts, colours, flexbox, grid)?
How might you extend the features of your application in future?

Commit message:

added small local server to project

Projects/Mini-Project 1/Project1ReadMe.md, after:

# Mini-Project #1

The first mini-project is designed to cover HTML/CSS/JS learned in the first 4 modules. The last exercise of Module 4 is a good basic guide for the kind of thing that is required. Ideally the app will include multiple pages, some navigation, some interaction with an external data source, and include techniques such as animation, graphs, icons, fonts, templating, bootstrap, etc.

### Here are some questions for the students to cover during their presentations:

- What was your requirements gathering and design process? Was it useful/successful?
Give a high level overview of your application and its features
- Where does its data come from (external/internal APIs)?
- How is this data processed and displayed?
- How can the user interact with your application?
- What JS techniques have you used (eg. objects, arrays, DOM functions, loops, functions, promises)?
- What external tools/libraries have you used (eg. bootstrap/axios/charts)? How? Why?
- What kinds of HTML elements have you used (eg. tables, forms, divs, lists, headings, menus, videos, images)?
- What kinds of CSS features have you used (eg. animations, backgrounds, fonts, colours, flexbox, grid)?
- How might you extend the features of your application in future?


#### Potential Ideas:

- Expense Tracker

- Chat App for X Y Z

- Weather app 

- DND Character tracker using local storage
